README.md, before:

# README

This is a single page app (SPA) that consumes and displays the International Space Station API. This app shows three options to allow the user to obtain information about the ISS location currently, when it will pass over a location and details on individuals in space.

To install:
 - `clone this repo`
 - `$bundle`
 - `$bundle exec figaro install`

 * Database creation
 - `$bundle exec rails db:create`

 * Database initialization
 - `$bundle exec rails db:migrate`

 * How to run the test suite
 - `$bundle exec rspec`

 - Add your own API keys to `config/application.yml`:
 ```yml
 GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY: <your google maps API key>

 ```

* Ruby version
  - ruby 2.4.1p111

* System dependencies
  - gem 'rspec', '~> 3.9'
  - gem 'capybara', '~> 3.32', '>= 3.32.1'
  - gem 'launchy', '~> 2.5'
  - gem 'pry', '~> 0.13.1'
  - gem 'simplecov', '~> 0.18.5'
  - gem 'figaro', '~> 1.1', '>= 1.1.1'
  - gem 'faraday', '~> 1.0', '>= 1.0.1'


* Deployment instructions
 - `$git push heroku master`
 - Add ENV variables with `$heroku config:set <KEY>=<value>`

Commit message:

Updated ReadMe with longitude and latitude min and max values

README.md, after:

# README

This is a single page app (SPA) that consumes and displays the International Space Station API. This app shows three options to allow the user to obtain information about the ISS location currently, when it will pass over a location and details on individuals in space.

Latitude min and max provided by http://open-notify.org/Open-Notify-API/ISS-Pass-Times/ required a min of -80 and a max of 80. This minimum was changed to -72 and maximum to 72 after testing the parameters in post man the site returned internal errors for numbers < -72 and numbers > 72.

Longitude minimum is -180 degrees and maximum is 180 degrees.

To install:
 - `clone this repo`
 - `$bundle`
 - `$bundle exec figaro install`

 * Database creation
 - `$bundle exec rails db:create`

 * Database initialization
 - `$bundle exec rails db:migrate`

 * How to run the test suite
 - `$bundle exec rspec`

 - Add your own API keys to `config/application.yml`:

* Ruby version
  - ruby 2.4.1p111

* System dependencies
  - gem 'rspec', '~> 3.9'
  - gem 'capybara', '~> 3.32', '>= 3.32.1'
  - gem 'launchy', '~> 2.5'
  - gem 'pry', '~> 0.13.1'
  - gem 'simplecov', '~> 0.18.5'
  - gem 'figaro', '~> 1.1', '>= 1.1.1'
  - gem 'faraday', '~> 1.0', '>= 1.0.1'


* Deployment instructions
 - `$git push heroku master`
 - Add ENV variables with `$heroku config:set <KEY>=<value>`
